Flem E Messer

November 5, 1957 - October 17, 2017

Flem E. Messer, age 59, of Walker, died Tuesday, October 17, 2017 at his home. He was a son of the late George and Edna Carnes Messer, born to them on November 5, 1957 in Pineville, Kentucky.

Flem was a well known Carpenter having worked for the Pineville Housing Authority for over 20 years.

He was preceded in by his father and mother: George and Edna Carnes Messer; and by his loving niece: Tonia Lynn Moore.

Flem is survived by his loving family: His loving Soul Mate: Teresa Ralston of Walker. His daughter: Lacy Messer of Dayton, Ohio. His son: Flem Messer and wife, April of Dayton, Ohio. His grandchildren: Logan, Payge, Josh, Autumn and Toby: and his great-grandchildren: Karter, Harmony, Mikah and Sammie Rae all of Dayton, Ohio.

His sisters and brothers: Charlene Riley and husband, Pat of Louisville, Kentucky; Carolyn Gambrel of Pineville; Sherry Moore and husband, Virgil of Davis Bend; Darrell Messer and wife, Candance of Walker; Terry Joe Messer and wife, Charlotte of Barbourville; and Wayne Mills and wife, Wanda of Bimble.

A host of nieces and nephews, and loving cousins, and other relatives, and dear friends to mourn his passing.

He also had a very special Pet Dog Foxy whom he loved dearly.

Funeral Services for Flem E. Messer will be 2:00 P.M. Saturday, October 21, 2017 in the Hopper Funeral Home Chapel with Rev. Donnie Mills and Rev. Josh Smith officiating.
Burial will follow in the Doctor Allen Messer Cemetery on Lost Fork at Walker.

Those serving as Pallbearers will be Employees of Pineville Housing Authority: John Green, Jason Evans, James Johnson, Gary Cinniamon, Jonathan Slone and William Rose.

Those serving as Honorary Pallbearers will be: all loving Grandsons of Flem E. Messer; also serving will be Virgil Moore, Mary Ann Robbins, Ryan Turner, Shaun Turner, and Lester Grubb.

The Messer family will receive friends after 6:00 P.M. on Friday at
the Hopper Funeral Home, and on Saturday after 12:00 noon until the funeral hour of 2:00 P.M.

Hopper Funeral Home will be in charge of arrangements.

Reference: https://www.hopperfuneralhome.com/obituary/4413264
Reference: https://web.archive.org/web/20240414153741/https://www.hopperfuneralhome.com/obituary/4413264
