Tonia Lynn Moore

May 11, 1977 - September 5, 2016

Tonia Lynn Moore, age 39, of Davis Bend, Barbourville, died Monday, September 5, 2016 at her home. She was the loving daughter of Virgil and Sherry Messer Moore, born to them on May 11, 1977 in Corbin, Kentucky.

Tonia Lynn was a well known "Lobby Girl" and former Employee at the Barbourville's McDonalds; a Member of the East Barbourville Baptist Church, a former Member of Dr. Thomas Walker DAR; and presently a Member of the National DAR; a Member of the Knox County Homemakers; and a Kentucky Colonel; and was a very dedicated Fan of Kentucky Basketball.

She was preceded in death by her grandparents: George and Edna Messer, and Walter and Verna Moore.

Tonia Lynn is survived by her loving father and mother: Virgil and Sherry Messer Moore.

Grandparents, God parents and Best friends all in one: Olaf and Peggy Jones.

Her beloved cousins: Michelle Moore Broughton and Mike Broughton, whom she considered to be her sister and brother.

Her Aunts and Uncles: Charlene and Pat "Big Goofy" Riley, Carolyn Gambrel,"her flip-flop and shopping buddy" Darrell and Candace Messer, Flem Messer and Teresa, Terry Joe and Charlotte Messer, Rev. Arlos and Mary Moore, Wayne and Bonnie Moore, and Randall Moore.

Her special friends: Dorthy Philpot, Alene Foley, Grace Foley and Willie Carr.

Her beloved pets: Stormie, Tiger, Mollie, Romeo and Burton; and many other dear relatives, and dear friends to mourn her passing.

Virgil and Sherry would like to say a "Special Thank You" to: to uncles: Wayne and Randall for the Candy visits.

To Dr. Jessica Moss and her staff for the wonderful care.

To the staff of Hospice of the Bluegrass, especially Donna and Melinda; and Pastor Josh Smith, Deacon Roger Brooks and all our Church Family at East Barbourville Baptist Church, we Thank You for all Visits, Cards and most of all for your Prayers.

In honor of Tonia we ask that you wear something Blue on Thursday.

Funeral Services for Tonia Lynn Moore will be 1:00 P.M. Thursday, September 8, 2016 in the Hopper Funeral Home Chapel with Mike Broughton, Rev. Arlos Moore, and Rev. Josh Smith officiating.

Burial will follow in the Barbourville Cemetery.

Those serving as Pallbearers: Zachary Broughton, Keith Gambrel, Roger Brooks, Pat Riley, Darrell Messer, II., Willie Carr, Mike Broughton and Terry Joe Messer.

The Moore family will receive friends at the Hopper Funeral Home after 6:00 P.M. Wednesday, and after 10:30 A.M. on Thursday until the funeral hour.

If you so choose rather than flowers, you may make a Memorial donation to: East Barbourville Vision "2020", P.O. Box 66, Barbourville, KY 40906 in loving Memory of Tonia.

Hopper Funeral Home will be in charge of arrangements.

Reference: https://www.hopperfuneralhome.com/obituary/3878503
Reference: https://web.archive.org/web/20240414153455/https://www.hopperfuneralhome.com/obituary/3878503
